DEVX-2040: Create an include that explains how to get timeout (#772)
confluentinc/examples: ccloud/docs/includes/prereq_timeout.rst

> ``timeout``: used by the bash scripts to terminate a consumer process after a period of time. ``timeout`` is available on most Linux distributions but not macOS, see `install instructions for macOS <https://gist.github.com/dasgoll/7b1a796d6e42cb66508bc504bb518f82>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``timeout``: used by the bash scripts to terminate a consumer process after a certain period of time. ``timeout`` is available on most Linux distributions but not on macOS. macOS users should view the `installation instructions for macOS <https://gist.github.com/dasgoll/7b1a796d6e42cb66508bc504bb518f82>`__.
```
